feat(performance): Add `tracesSampleRate` and `tracesSampler` to JS docs (#2376)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platforms/javascript/common/install/cdn.mdx

  dsn: "___PUBLIC_DSN___",
  release: "my-project-name@" + process.env.npm_package_version,
  integrations: [new Sentry.Integrations.BrowserTracing()],

>   // Be sure to lower this in production, or use tracesSampler for finer control

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  // We recommend adjusting this value in production, or using tracesSampler for finer control
```
